Add understanding workloads section (#6164)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _benchmark/user-guide/understanding-workloads/choosing-a-workload.md

---
layout: default
title: Choosing a workload
nav_order: 20
grand_parent: User guide
parent: Understanding workloads
---

# Choosing a workload

> The [opensearch-benchmark-workloads](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads) repository contains a list of workloads that you can use to run your benchmarks. Using a workload similar to you cluster's use cases can save you time and effort when assessing the performance of your cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [opensearch-benchmark-workloads](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads) repository contains a list of workloads that you can use to run your benchmarks. Using a workload similar to your cluster's use cases can save you time and effort when assessing your cluster's performance. 
```

> For example, say you're a system architect at a ride share company. As a ride share company you collect and store data based on trip times, locations, and other data related to each ride share. Instead of building a custom workload and using your own data, which takes additional time, effort, and cost, you can use the [nyc_taxis](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/nyc_taxis) workload to benchmark your cluster, because the data inside the workload is similar to the data you collect. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, say you're a system architect at a rideshare company. As a rideshare company, you collect and store data based on trip times, locations, and other data related to each rideshare. Instead of building a custom workload and using your own data, which requires additional time, effort, and cost, you can use the [nyc_taxis](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/nyc_taxis) workload to benchmark your cluster because the data inside the workload is similar to the data that you collect. 
```

> For example, say you're a system architect at a ride share company. As a ride share company you collect and store data based on trip times, locations, and other data related to each ride share. Instead of building a custom workload and using your own data, which takes additional time, effort, and cost, you can use the [nyc_taxis](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/nyc_taxis) workload to benchmark your cluster, because the data inside the workload is similar to the data you collect. 

Reviewer 2: This is a new one for me, but most of the references I see online use "rideshare" as one word, so let's follow suit. Also, for Global English purposes, let's use a more precise word than "takes," which can have more than one meaning. Additionally, as with "as well as," you almost never need a comma before "because."

> For example, say you're a system architect at a ride share company. As a ride share company you collect and store data based off of trip times, locations, and other data related to each ride share. As opposed to building a custom workload and using your own data, which takes additional time, effort, and cost, you can use the [nyc_taxis](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/nyc_taxis) workload to benchmark your cluster, because the data inside the workload is similar to the data you collect. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, say you're a system architect at a ride share company. As a ride share company you collect and store data based on trip times, locations, and other data related to each ride share. Instead of building a custom workload and using your own data, which takes additional time, effort, and cost, you can use the [nyc_taxis](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/nyc_taxis) workload to benchmark your cluster, because the data inside the workload is similar to the data you collect. 
```

## Criteria for choosing a workload

> Consider the following when deciding which workload would work best for benchmarking your cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following criteria when deciding which workload would work best for benchmarking your cluster:
```

> - Consider the use case of your cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The cluster's use case. 
```

> - The data types your cluster uses compared to the data structure of the documents contained in the workload. Each workload contains an example document so that you can compare data types, or you can view the index mappings and data types in the `index.json` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The data types that your cluster uses compared to the data structure of the documents contained in the workload. Each workload contains an example document so that you can compare data types, or you can view the index mappings and data types in the `index.json` file.
```

> - Consider what data types your cluster uses by comparing it the data structure of the documents contained in the workload. Each workload contains an example document so you can compare data types. Also, you can go to `index.json` file in the workload to see the data type.

Reviewer 3: "to see the data. type" --> "to see the index mappings and data types"

> - Consider what data types your cluster uses by comparing it the data structure of the documents contained in the workload. Each workload contains an example document so you can compare data types. Also, you can go to `index.json` file in the workload to see the data type.

Author: ```suggestion
- Consider what data types your cluster uses by comparing it the data structure of the documents contained in the workload. Each workload contains an example document so you can compare data types. Also, you can go to `index.json` file in the workload to see  index mappings and the data types.
```

> - Consider what data types your cluster uses by comparing it the data structure of the documents contained in the workload. Each workload contains an example document so you can compare data types. Also, you can go to `index.json` file in the workload to see  index mappings and the data types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The data types your cluster uses compared to the data structure of the documents contained in the workload. Each workload contains an example document so that you can compare data types, or you can view the index mappings and data types in the `index.json` file.
```

> - The query types most commonly used inside your cluster. The `operations/default.json` file has information about the query types and workload operations. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The query types most commonly used inside your cluster. The `operations/default.json` file contains information about the query types and workload operations. 
```

> - The query types most commonly used inside your cluster. The `operations/default.json` file has information about the query types and workload operations. 

Reviewer 2: Similarly to "take," "have" or "give" can often be replaced with a better/more precise word.

> - Consider the types of queries most commonly used inside your cluster. You can find information about the types of queries or operations the workload runs inside of the `operations/default.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The query types most commonly used inside your cluster. The `operations/default.json` file has information about the query types and workload operations. 
```

## General search clusters

> For benchmarking clusters built for general search use cases, start with the `[nyc_taxis]`(https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/nyc_taxis) workload. The workload contains data about the rides with yellow taxis in New York in 2015. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For benchmarking clusters built for general search use cases, start with the `[nyc_taxis]`(https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/nyc_taxis) workload. This workload contains data about the rides taken in yellow taxis in New York City in 2015. 
```

> For benchmarking clusters built for general search use cases, start with [nyc_taxis](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/nyc_taxis). The `nyc_taxis` workload data about the rides performed by yellow taxis in New York in 2015. 

Reviewer 3: "workload data about" -> "workload contains data about"

> For benchmarking clusters built for general search use cases, start with [nyc_taxis](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/nyc_taxis). The `nyc_taxis` workload data about the rides performed by yellow taxis in New York in 2015. 

Author: ```suggestion
For benchmarking clusters built for general search use cases, start with [nyc_taxis](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/nyc_taxis). The `nyc_taxis` workload contains data about the rides performed by yellow taxis in New York in 2015. 
```

> For benchmarking clusters built for general search use cases, start with [nyc_taxis](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/nyc_taxis). The `nyc_taxis` workload contains data about the rides performed by yellow taxis in New York in 2015. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For benchmarking clusters built for general search use cases, start with the `[nyc_taxis]`(https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/nyc_taxis) workload. The workload contains data about the rides with yellow taxis in New York in 2015. 
```

## Log data

> For benchmarking clusters built for indexing and search with log data, use the [`http_logs`](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/http_logs) workload. The workload contains data from the 1998 World Cup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For benchmarking clusters built for indexing and search with log data, use the [`http_logs`](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/http_logs) workload. This workload contains data about the 1998 World Cup.
```

> For benchmarking clusters built for indexing and search with log data, use [http_logs](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/http_logs). The [http_logs] workload contains data from the 1998 Football world cup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For benchmarking clusters built for indexing and search with log data, use the [`http_logs`](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/http_logs) workload. The workload contains data from the 1998 World Cup.
```
